It's Farkle!  Play anywhere, on the go!  And best of all, it's completely free!

Farkle is a fun dice game.  Play 10 rounds to try to beat your best score!  Each round, you'll score some of your dice and then choose whether to bank your score or risk rolling the remaining dice for more points.  But not all rolls can be scored, and if you can't score your remaining dice, you Farkle and lose everything!  Three Farkles in a row, and you actually lose points, so be careful!

Scoring:
Individual 1 dice are worth 100 points.
Individual 5 dice are worth 50 points.
Three of a kind is worth the value times 100.
Three ones may be worth more (see Settings).
Four of a kind is worth 1,000 points.
Five of a kind is worth 2,000 points.
Six of a kind is worth 3,000 points.
1,2,3,4,5,6 is worth 1,500 points.
Three pairs are worth 1,500 points.
Four of a kind plus a pair is worth 1,500 points.
Two sets of three of a kind are worth 2,500 points.

Playing:
Scorable dice are highlighted in yellow.  Tap the ones you wish to score.  If multiple dice make up a scorable set, you can tap any of them and they'll all be selected.  You can tap selected dice to unselect them as well.  When you're ready, either tap Bank to bank the score or Roll to roll the remaining dice for more points.  By default, the first round needs 500 points to bank, with subsequent rounds allowing you to bank any value.  Both are adjustable in the settings.  If you don't have enough points to bank, you'll need to keep rolling to try to earn more!

Dice you've already scored with are grayed out and won't be rolled again, unless you end up scoring all of the dice.  Then you'll be able to choose to roll them all again for even more points!  But you have to score at least one die each roll, and if no dice can be scored after a roll, you Farkle and lose any points accumulated during that round!  And if you Farkle three times in a row, you lose 500 points (adjustable in the settings).

After the final round, the game is over and the results are displayed.  Tap New to start a new game.  If your score was in the top 25, you'll get a toast congratulating you, and the high scores will be displayed, highlighting your new score.

Settings:
Theme: Change between outlines, outlines with shadows, solid colors, or solid with shadow.
Minimum to Start: Adjust the minimum points needed to bank on the first round.
Minimum to Bank: Adjust the minimum points needed to bank on subsequent rounds.
Triple 1s Score: Adjust how much triple 1s is worth.
Farkle Penalty: Adjust the penalty for three Farkles in a row.
High Scores: Display the high scores.

I made this game for fun and share it freely.  Find my other Garmin apps, or leave me a tip, at this link:

http://garmin.kzibart.com